first draft of Proof of Possession's documentation (#569)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-sdk/mqtt-bundle/device-certificates.md

However, if you need some certificates between the CA certificate and the device certificate then it is the way to go.
Keep in mind that in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} cloud the maximum length of the chain of certificates is currently restricted to 2 for security reasons, so you cannot use any intermediate certificate between your CA certificate and the device certificate there.

> However, this behaviour can be changed for dedicated installations by changing a platform wide configuration setting and increasing the allowed maximum length of the chain of certificates to more than 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can change this behavior for dedicated installations by changing a platform wide configuration setting and increasing the allowed maximum length of the chain of certificates to more than 2.
```

> If the maximum chain length for your dedicated installation is changed, we strongly recommend using the proof of possession feature to protect your service from DOS attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change the maximum chain length for your dedicated installation, we strongly recommend you to use the proof of possession feature to protect your service from DOS attacks.
```

    	"certInPemFormat" : "<CERT_PEM_VALUE>"
    }
```

> ### Perform Proof Of Possession

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Perform a proof of possession
```

> 
> Why and for what do I need Proof Of Possession?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Cumulocity Platform uses X.509 certificates to authenticate end devices. The certificates used there work with a so-called chain of trust, which means, that one can create further trustworthy subcertificates with an already trusted certificate. Each certificate consists of a private and a public part (see also: asymmetric encryption).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cumulocity IoT platform uses X.509 certificates to authenticate end devices.
The certificates work with a chain of trust: you can create trustworthy subcertificates with a trusted certificate.
Each certificate consists of a public and a private part.
Also see asymmetric encryption.
```

> The Cumulocity Platform receives the public part of each certificate that is to be used for device authentication. The assignment of the device to a tenant is also done by the certificate, since each certificate must be uniquely assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cumulocity IoT platform receives the public part of each certificate that is to be used for device authentication.
The assignment of the device to a tenant is also done by the certificate, since each certificate must be uniquely assigned.
```

> However, since the public part of a certificate (and the sub certificates) is not secret, potentially every Internet user worldwide has access to it. This makes it possible for a potential attacker to upload the public part of a certificate to the Cumulocity platform even if he does not have access to the private part of the certificate (thus not being the owner of the certificate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, since the public part of a certificate (and the subcertificates) is not secret, anyone on the internet theoretically has access to it.
A potential attacker could upload the public part of a certificate to the Cumulocity IoT platform even if he does not have access to the private part of the certificate (thus not being the owner of the certificate).
```

> To ensure a verification of ownership by the uploader, a Proof Of Possession is required by the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure verification of ownership by the uploader, a proof of possession is required by the platform.
```

> The sub-steps for this are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps for the proof of possession are as follows:
```

> - Upload of the certificate to the platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upload of the certificate to the platform,
```

> - Download of the Unsigned Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download of the unsigned key,
```

> - Encryption of the Unsigned Key by the certificate owner (which thereby becomes a Signed Key)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Encryption of the unsigned key by the certificate owner, which makes the key a signed key,
```

> - Upload of the signed key to the platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upload of the signed key to the platform,
```

> - Proof of Possession is confirmed if the uploaded signed key matches the signed key expected by the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The proof of possession is confirmed if the uploaded signed key matches the signed key expected by the platform.
```

    	"certInPemFormat" : "<CERT_PEM_VALUE>"
    }
```
### Perform a proof of possession

> The Cumulocity IoT platform uses X.509 certificates to authenticate end devices.

Reviewer 2: The Cumulocity IoT - > {{< product-c8y-iot >}}

Author: fixed

The certificates work with a chain of trust: you can create trustworthy subcertificates with a trusted certificate.
Each certificate consists of a public and a private part.

> Also see asymmetric encryption.

Reviewer: This looks like it's supposed to link somewhere. Where?

Author: Hi Richard. What I want to say is: "Google the internet for asymmetric encryption."
(I know that we can't write it like that)
How did you solve something like that in the past? We cannot link e.g. Wikipedia in our documentation, but the user need at least a basic knowledge about ass asymmetric encryption to understand what is goin' on.

Author: B.t.w.: UI-Screenshots are also missing right now, due to the not finished implementation of it.

Reviewer: is there some other source of information we can recommend besides wikipedia?

Reviewer: what would work best is a site that has some form of reputation in the field. i'm not even against wikipedia that much, since it's widely accepted nowadays and has pretty good (well, arguably good) quality assurance. we should definitely include some pointer where the reader can find more information if we don't provide it here.

Author: ok. I will add a link to Wikipedia. (at least for now)

> The Cumulocity IoT platform receives the public part of each certificate that is to be used for device authentication.

Reviewer 2: The Cumulocity IoT - > {{< product-c8y-iot >}}

Author: fixed

The assignment of the device to a tenant is also done by the certificate, since each certificate must be uniquely assigned.

However, since the public part of a certificate (and the subcertificates) is not secret, anyone on the internet theoretically has access to it.
A potential attacker could upload the public part of a certificate to the Cumulocity IoT platform even if he does not have access to the private part of the certificate (thus not being the owner of the certificate).

To ensure verification of ownership by the uploader, a proof of possession is required by the platform.

The steps for the proof of possession are as follows:

> - Upload of the certificate to the platform,

Reviewer 2: Not sure if it is a step for the proof of possession? 
Maybe:
The steps for performing proof of possession for the uploaded certificate are as follows:
- Download...

    	"certInPemFormat" : "<CERT_PEM_VALUE>"
    }
```
### Perform a proof of possession

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform uses X.509 certificates to authenticate end devices.
The certificates work with a chain of trust: you can create trustworthy subcertificates with a trusted certificate.
Each certificate consists of a public and a private part.

> Also see asymmetric encryption: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also see [asymmetric encryption](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography).
```
